Bump sonata-project/datagrid-bundle to version ^3.0 (#1230)
sonata-project/SonataUserBundle: UPGRADE-4.x.md

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

### Dependencies

> - "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1231441/94052683-a8b8aa00-fdaf-11ea-9e45-63502792a446.png)
```suggestion
- "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.

```

> If you are extending these method you MUST add argument and return type declarations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are extending these method you MUST add argument and return type declarations:
```

  - `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\UserManager::getPager()`
  - `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\GroupManager::getPager()`

> - "nelmio/api-doc-bundle" from now is also supported for ^3.6

Reviewer: The term "now" is relative in a document like this. IMO, we should avoid to make use of these kind of references. The relevant concept here is the version number.
```suggestion
- Added support for "nelmio/api-doc-bundle" ^3.6
```

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

### Dependencies

- "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.

>   If you are extending these method you MUST add argument and return type declarations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are extending these methods, you MUST add argument and return type declarations:
```

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

> UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x

Reviewer 2: UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x

Author: Copy/Paste bug :smile:

Author: Fixed.

UPGRADE 4.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

> ### Upgrade to SonataDatagridBundle 3.0
> 

Reviewer: With this approach, we should later group also the required changes for "nelmio/api-doc-bundle" in this section.
IMO, we should stop using bundle aliases (like "SonataDatagridBundle") in order to be specific about the package names.
```suggestion
### Dependencies

 - "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.
```

> If you are extending these method you should add parameter and return type hints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are extending these method you MUST add argument and return type declarations:
```

> - `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\UserManager::getPager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\UserManager::getPager()`
```

> - `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\GroupManager::getPager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sonata\UserBundle\Entity\GroupManager::getPager()`
```

UPGRADE FROM 4.x to 4.x
=======================

### Dependencies

>  - "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.

Reviewer: Just to give more context to my previous suggestion about this change. I'm proposing something like:
```md
### Dependencies

- "sonata-project/datagrid-bundle" is bumped from ^2.4 to ^3.0.
  Some description about the upgrade process for this dependency
  with all the required information.

- "package/a" is bumped from ^1.0 to ^2.0.
  Some description about the upgrade process for this dependency
  with all the required information.
```
